Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[suspenseful music]
[counting money]
[footsteps thudding]
[whistling]
- MAN #1
[Legothlo]
[gunshots]
- Everyone get down.
- Get down.
[gunshots continue]
- Why am I being arrested?
♪♪
[uplifting music]
[approaching footsteps]
- Good evening Mr. President.
- Evening.
- Good evening.
- Minister Bernard is calling.
Said he has been trying to reach you.
- What does he want?
- He didn't say sir.
[sighs]
- Okay. Thank you.
- This is the president speaking.
- Good evening Mr. President.
- Minister Bernard. how can I help you?
- Mr. President. I'm calling about the funding that you rejected.
- With all due respect Mr. President
- the funding will be used to purchase and enhance HIV medication for the people-
- Minister
for your people living with HIV Mr. President.
- Minister hold on.
We've had this conversation before. haven't we?
- Yes. Yes we have.
- So why the call?
You know I'm not going to authorize any kind of funding.
After all. you're the one who said that
the drug has negative impact on people.
- Some drugs do have some failures.
but with all due respect. you have to authorize this payment.
- How dare you?
Who do you think you are?
- This conversation is over.
[Phone beeps]
Arrogance of a man.
- Sir I promise you that this funding will be approved.
- Oh I'm not worried at all.
[footsteps approaching]
Sir. here are the files you requested.
- Excellent.
[sighs]
Good.
Make the call. I want this man out as soon as possible.
Great
Let's see how things play out.
♪Free as a bird in the sky
that is what you are...♪
♪Breathe and you know you're alive
feel the beat of your heart♪
♪Well life is a crazy way
of turning everything upside down♪
- Welcome to 98.6 FM where we play the best of the best.
That song was by Alexander. and on this show
we go nude on matters both local and international.
Today's top story is a man walks out of jail
after five years of being imprisoned for a crime he did not commit.
Yoh!
Professor. tell me something.
do we get these kind of cases frequently?
- Yes. it does happen. More than 1000 people
have been exonerated since the year 1999.
- Ayanda!
[banging gate]
- What could it be so early in the morning friend?
- Where is he?
Where is he?
-Who?
- Nkosi.
- Why do you ask because you know my brother is still in prison.
- It's obvious my friend. you haven't heard that your brother is out of prison?
- You sure it's my brother?
- Listen. they've been talking about it since morning.
- We say kudos to Mr. Nkosi..
- If you truly believe that you are innocent.
you must fight until you get the justice that you deserve.
We are going to take a break
and when we come back we will tell you...
- Mama!
Come and see.
My brother is back. [breathes heavily]
Mama. listen.
- Ma.
- Oh my boy.
My Lord.
[cries hysterically]
- My brother. My brother.
Oh my god.
♪♪
[water splashes]
[dialing phone]
[phone rings]
- Boss. hello.
- Did you hear that Nkosi is out of jail?
- Yes boss. I'm trying to find out who ordered his release.
Please give me some time.
Let me find out what's going on.
- The arrangement was he would never get out of that prison.
- Yes boss. I will set it out.
- Well you better set it out because if you can't. I'll get someone who can.
[hangs up phone]
[birds chirping]
[airplane engine revving]
[suspenseful music]
- Hey Mabulete. take this. Do a great job
the outstanding one you'll get it once you are done.
- Don't disappoint me.
[car starts]
- Welcome back to 98.6 FM.
It's your one and only host. Nora and you are tuned into
the Naked Show.
Today we are celebrating the fact that we've got
thousands of listeners from all around the world
and this is because this is the only show where you get to hear
and discuss all matters nude.
The lines are open and the number to dial is 0800-53-23-11.
Let's play a song by Celeste.
♪Listen. I wanna be there with you no matter where you go♪
♪Life is a table for two
and we're starting the show♪
[punching bag]
♪♪
[Nkosi's mom collapses]
- Ma.
What happened ma?
Hello. I need an ambulance here. [breathes heavily]
My mom is unconscious.
You'll be fine.
- I brought the CT scan results of your mom.
- Okay.
- You can follow me
[sniffles]
- You can have a seat please.
[chair scraping]
-Thank you.
[clicking keyboard]
[sighs]
I'm so sorry guys.
- Your mom has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer.
- Oh! what doctor?
What is pancreatic cancer?
- The pancreas is the organ that is found on the lower part of your stomach
that assists you with digestion
as well as maintaining as well as maintaining the sugar levels in your body.
And unfortunately if the cancer develops in your pancreas.
it spreads to the other organs that are nearby.
But [sighs]
Fortunately for your mom. we've got a surgery.
She can be treated.
- Okay doctor.
Yes. however. there's still a chance that cancer might come back
even after It's been treated with surgery.
So what I was suggesting is that if you can start with the first stage of the treatment
then we'll take from there.
I think the sooner. the better.
Well. let me give you the prescription of your mom
so that you can get the medication before she wakes up.
[creaking door closes]
- Okay. thank you doctor.
- You're welcome Nkosi.
Thank you so much.
- It's a pleasure.
- Thank you.
[creaking door opens]
♪♪
[suspenseful music]
[gun cocking]
- One. two. three shoot.
- Ekse... ekse... Nkosi my man.
- My man.
- My man. [chuckles]
Yasas bruh.
Wait you know what. let me-- let me introduce you.
guys...guys...guys.
The best shooter I've ever met.
This man right here.
- Do you mean he is better than you?
- As a matter of fact. yes.
You know what...
Let's show them.
- show us.
-Come on.
- Show us. [chuckles]
- Lets show these people man.
[gun cocks]
[gunfire]
[gunshots]
♪♪
[gunshots continue]
- Wow my guy. [applauding]
This is the Nkosi that I know.
- Tjerr bruh.
-So my guy. tell me. what happened?
- I went undercover to find out why people were dying of HIV and AIDS.
And I found that it was because of a drug called ROSS 4.4
I started looking for the supplier of the drug
which led to being framed and convicted.
- Yoh!
That's hectic.
Okay. well. now you're back all right.
are you still going to continue doing investigation?
- No bruh. But you know what. I'm just happy I'm back.
My mom and my sister are my priority right now.
- I'm glad that you're back.
- And you're listening to 98.6 FM
where we go all the way nude on matters both local and international.
Good afternoon Senzo.
- Good afternoon Nora.
- Tell me. what are your naked thoughts today?
- Nora. people are dying every day because of HIV and AIDS
and we are silent.
The government is also silent.
why are we not talking about it?
- Okay then Senzo. as always. we appreciate your naked thoughts.
Let's take another caller.
Hello Gugu what's your naked thought today?
- A few years back. I lost my sister.
She was sick and they went to hospital and then she did some tests.
She was then told us she's HIV positive
and was given some medicine.
which she took for me three days and she died.
I went to the same hospital. they said they know nothing about it.
And I even went to the police station.
♪♪
- Excuse me.
I am a fan of your show and I was listening to this morning.
- What do you want?
- Please take a look at this files
and you will understand what one of your callers was talking about.
♪♪
[footsteps approaching]
[knocking]
[door opens]
-Hi.
- Hello.
[door closes]
Karabo. please wait for me that side.
I'm coming.
- Thank you so much for agreeing to do this.
I know it was short notice.
- It's okay. I have a few minutes.
I have to take her to school.
- She's your daughter?
- Oh no. that's my late sister's daughter.
- She's been staying with me ever since she died.
- I am so sorry about that but.
please tell me what really happened.
- My sister got sick and she went to hospital.
She did some tests and her result. they came back and she was HIV positive.
- Mhm
- She was given medication and the medication that she used.
she only used it for three days
and she died. Just like that. she died.
- Do you know what this hospital?
Did you report them to the police
or did she go as far as opening a case?
- I know the hospital. it's Clement hospital
and I did all those things.
I did everything.
[sniffles]
- Look. you are not the only victim.
- Whoever is involved in this.
they must be jailed or even killed.
I have to go.
- Thank you. [sniffles]
♪♪
- Hello Nora. how are you?
- I'm okay Nkosi.
I'm so sorry we had to meet at the salon.
I just finished writing my article about people who are living with HIV and AIDS.
- That was the case that I was pursuing
before everything went south on me. all right.
- Some of you would have heard rumors about a drug.
That if injected and you're HIV positive. it kills you.
It is my sad duty to-- to inform you... confirm that such a drug does exist.
And I can assure you that the police
and our health officials are on top of the case.
[sighs] I must confirm that indeed. if you are HIV positive
and you inject this drug you will die.
And if you inject this drug and become HIV positive.
you will die.
As commander and chief. I promise you that we'll get to the bottom of this
and we will find the perpetrators and crush them
But we need your help. please be vigilant.
and anyone who comes forward with information regarding
the whereabouts of these perpetrators.
please do so.
There will be a reward.
"Nkosi Sikelel'iAfrika"
You see. this confirms that my article about the ROSS 4.4 is really important.
I am going to publish it today.
- Okay.
[thunder]
I need to go now before it starts raining.
- It's almost my turn anyways.
[thunder intensifies]
- If you need anything. let me know.
- Okay.
♪♪
[raining]
[thunder]
[gate opens]
- Come here. you come here!
- Grab her.
[Ayanda screaming] - Let go of me.
- Bitch keep quiet.
- [screaming intensifies] Mama!
[gunshot]
- Let's go.
- Make this thing quiet!
- Keep an eye on the kid!
[screaming hoarsely] - Mama!
- Mama!
[crying]
[phone chimes]
[crying continues]
♪♪
[heartbeat pounding]
- Hello. I'm here by the train track. I don't see anyone here.
Where's my sister?
- Can you see a tree with a pole?
Come towards it.
Hey stop.
- Okay.
- Stop right there.
Where's my sister?
- Shut up!
- You killed my mom and you kidnapped my sister.
What do you want from me?
- Shut up!
[music intensifies]
[phone ringing]
- Boss we have him.. what do you want us to do?
[heart beating]
- Okay good.
Kill him and send me a picture.
[gunshots]
- Where's my sister.
- Okay. at the workshop. At connect road.
[grunting]
- Nkosi.
- Guy. thanks a lot man.
- No. no stress.
- I know where my sister is now.
- Oh. is it?
-Yes. I'll have to do this alone.
- Are you sure?
- I can't ask anymore from you. man.
- No man anytime. anytime. anytime.
- Thanks man.
-All right. all the best.
[grunting]
[urine splashing]
[indistinct conversation]
[gunshots]
[gunshots continue]
[gunshots continues]
- Nkosi!
- Ayanda!
[soft tone] - Nkosi.
[breathes sharply]
♪♪
[car door opens]
[engine starts]
[gunshots]
[engine revving] [tyres screeching]
[engine stops]
[footsteps thudding]
[gunshots]
♪♪
- Sir. there's an article that was published.
An important file name was mentioned.
- Files? What files?
- It was the ROSS 4.4 file sir.
- What?
Find this person
- Yes. sir.
[water splashing]
♪♪
[car door opens]
[car door closes]
- Minister Bernard. what do you know about ROSS 4.4?
- Come. I'll grant you an interview.
Do you smoke?
- No thank you. sir.
[airplane engine revving] Forget that you've ever heard that name
and stop spreading these disgusting rumors.
♪♪
I want her gone. she knows too much.
[airplane engine revving]
Sorry doctor. sorry I'm so late. [breathes heavily]
- Why are you giving out the ROSS 4.4?
- What are you talking about?
- I know you are giving away the HIV drug.
- Well. actually I-- I didn't have any option you see
because the president has refused to sign and authorize the funding.
So I thought if I started handing out the drugs. I could turn his hand.
- I don't care about you or the president.
Firstly. you failed to convince him to authorize the funding
and now you are distributing it without my consent.
- Look. doctor. I know that you're angry
but I handed out the drug very discreetly.
Nobody knows... Nobody knows that that the drug
comes from your pharmaceutical company. nobody.
- There's an article linking you to those people with HIV.
That's a problem. makes you a liability.
[stutters]I wouldn't call it a problem and in fact. as we speak. right now
we're handling it. we're handling it right now.
- The next time I see. you better make sure the article is handled.
and the person who wrote it
or you'll be the next person to be handled.
- Yes Doctor
♪♪
[door opens]
[grunting]
[sobbing]
[screaming]
[dustbin thudding]
[breathes heavily]
[gunshots]
[sobbing]
- Hello Nora. how are you?
- I'm not fine. I almost got killed yesterday.
There was a guy who was going through my stuff in my apartment and
he tried to attack me Nkosi.
I was so scared. I-- I didn't know what to do.
♪♪
- Walk with me Nora. I think you were followed.
- Run.
[screaming]
- Please get off!
Nkosi!
[engine revving]
[tyres screeching]
- Bruh. How's it.
- Sho
- The car is registered to Bongani Mlambo.
He stays right in CBD center. His address is right inside.
- Thank you brother.
- Sho.
♪♪
[whistling]
[rhythmically clapping]
[chanting]
[gun cocks]
- Hey stay calm. where's the lady that you kidnapped?
- What lady?
- I'll shoot you and I'll shoot everyone here if you do anything stupid. move!
- Okay.
- Stop. don't move stop.
[gunshots]
I said stop. don't move.
Stop. [gunshots]
- Okay. okay.
[gunshots]
- Do you really think you're going to leave here alive.
- I just want you to tell me where you are keeping the lady
and you are going to take me there.
[gunshots]
[grunting]
Listen to me. if I mention the right location all right.
just blink your eye all right.
Soweto?
Alex? Where in Alex man? Where in Alex man?
[engine starts]
[car indicators on]
[phone rings]
- Nkosi. how's it bruh?
- I'm okay. I just sent you the number.
Can you please find the location of that number.
- Oh. okay. give me a few seconds.
- Okay thank you.
[engine revving]
[car indicators on]
[phone chimes]
♪♪
[gunshot]
[dice shaking]
- Malahla
[indistinct conversation]
- Take the gag off.
[Nora spitting]
[sniffles]
- Tell me... who are you working for?
[gunshots]
- Who else knows about this?
[gunshots continue]
- Do you think this makes you a strong man?
You are nothing but a weak man who's being controlled by an evil man huh.
How do you even sleep at night. pathetic human being.
[screaming]
[dragging footsteps]
- Nora. are you okay?
- I'm sorry to break this lovey dovey. whatever you guys call it.
All I need to know is who else knows about the ROSS 4.4 file?
[dog barking]
Please tell me what I need to know.
- Please man don't do this.
[screaming]
I will kill you. I promise you I will kill you!
- Kill him. He talks too much.
- With pleasure.
[gunshot]
[grunting]
[gunshots]
[phone dials]
[phone rings]
- Ayanda. where are you?
- I'm at Lerato's house.
- Okay I want you to stay there.
- What's going on?
- It's not safe for you to be home alone.
I'm coming to you now.
- Okay.
♪♪
- Ayanda.
- When I tell you to run. you run all right?
- All right.
- Ayanda run.
[gunshots]
[gunshots continue]
- Ayanda?
Ayanda!
[door opens]
[sniffles]
- Aw no. no. no well
look what you made me do.
You beautiful girl.
- Don't touch me. you old retarded fool.
[laughs amusedly]
[fires empty gun]
[sniffles]
[empty gun drops]
Did you honestly think that I would leave a loaded gun in the room!
- Hey Nkosi. get in the car.
Get in the car.
- What do you want man.
- Nkosi if this was my choice. I was going to kill you right now and get done with it.
- Where are you taking me to?
- Get in the car!
Get in the car. now!
[door closes]
[water splashes]
[breathes heavily]
- Nkosi. Nkosi. Nkosi.
Who else knows about the ROSS 4.4?
I want to know man.
Who did you tell about the ROSS 4.4?
[grunting]
Come on Nkosi. just give me what I want to know.
Come on Nkosi. Just give me what I want to know.
[grunting]
Come on Nkosi. you're making me mad.
Nkosi. just give me what I want.
Give me what I want Nkosi.
- Who's paying you man?
-Shut up! I'm the one who's asking questions here.
[grunting]
Come on. look at me. Nkosi come on.
Nkosi come on. I'm going to shoot you man.
I don't mind pulling this trigger. right here right now.
I'm going to kill you Nkosi.
Just give me what I want to know. Shut up!
[breathes heavily]
Eish.
- Here's some food for you my man. Grab something to eat.
I'll drop it here.
- How am I supposed to eat tied up?
- Okay. let me try to untie it and see how you will be come loose.
- Thank you man.
- Okay.
[heart beating]
[knuckles cracking]
- Get up and take me to whoever is paying you.
- What if I don't Nkosi?
[gunshot]
[grunting]
- The next one is going in your head.
- It's minister Bernard.
- What? What minister?
- Yes.
- Minster Bernard.
- Yes. [grunting intensifies]
Nkosi!
- I'm taking your tekkies. you won't need them for some time.
- Shit Nkosi.
[gunshots]
[grunting]
[breathe heavily]
[water splashes]
[gunshots]
[gunfire]
- So... you're not a cat after all? Nine lives.
[grunting]
[gunfire]
- Aah!
- HIV is not a death sentence you bloody fool.
[grunting]
♪♪
[car door opens. closes]
- Welcome back sir. Mr Bernard is dead.
- Good riddance. you know what to do.
[car door opens. closes]
[engine revving]
[tyres screeching]
♪♪
- Good day Mr. President.
- Mr. Nkosi please. take a seat.
- Firstly. I want to thank you for exposing Minister Bernard.
The rats that he is.
- It's a pleasure sir.
- Good. I'm the one who actually authorized your release
once the papers were brought to my attention and we reviewed it.
Look um. I want to apologize on behalf of the government
for throwing into jail.
You're one of our top undercover detectives.
we should have protected you.
Now. having said that.
I need you to tell me everything you know about ROSS 4.4.
- Mr. President. permission to speak freely please?
- Permission granted.
- I know that's a big government cover up sir.
- This isn't a government cover up.
I can't say what it is myself but then again that's why you're here.
If there's anyone who can get to the bottom of this. it's you.
These people need to be stopped.
You can imagine the risks to the lives out there if we don't stop them.
You do understand don't you?
- Yes sir.
- Good. Please. come with me. [sighs]
♪♪
Hello Nora. are you there? Can you hear me?
[gun cocks]
- Yes I'm here. I'm just waiting for the lady who said she has information for me.
- I need to tell you what the president and I spoke about.
- I'll see just now.
- Thanks for meeting me. we don't have much time
and I think they might be following me. [breathes heavily]
- Wait. relax. Who might be following you?
- The company I work for.
- What company? You said you have information for me.
- Yes. yes.
- Let's talk.
- I'm among a group of doctors that are recently hired by a company
and there's a section of the company we weren't supposed to go to
and yesterday I went there.
- What happened?
Have you heard of Project Coast?
- Chemical weapon project?
[breathes heavily] - Yes.
-Ya.
- The company has restarted Project Coast
and they're experimenting on black people.
[car door opens] Here's everything I've managed to print of the company
and I'm sure the company is behind the killings of people living with HIV.
- Wait. what's the name of the company?
- I don't work for the company. I quit this morning.
Please don't look for me. I don't work for the company anymore.
[gunshots]
- Please call the ambulance.
Can someone call the ambulance please?
[recording] "the company has restarted Project Coast
and they are experimenting on black people..."
[glass thudding]
[screaming indistinctly]
- I don't want to die
[glass thudding]
- Get me out of here Please
- Do you really think you have a choice in life? No. [chuckles]
[echoing] Your choices are given to you.
Let's begin phase two.